Remove linking to unqualified library name (#12073)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error in magic type access (``block``, ``msg``, ``tx``).
 * TypeChecker: Fix internal error when using user defined value types in public library functions.
 * Yul IR Generator: Do not output empty switches/if-bodies for empty contracts.

>  * Linking: Fix matching link reference name, like `a.sol:L`, with an unqualified library name, like `L`, from command line interface.

Reviewer: I'd be a bit more specific. Also, it applies to command-line interface:
```suggestion
 * Commandline Interface: When linking do not treat unqualified library names (e.g. ``L``) as matching the same name qualified with any source unit name (e.g. ``xyz.sol:L``).
```

Author: done
